dr. strange you think you know how the
world works what if I told you the
reality you know is one of many
this doesn't make any sense
not everything does not everything has
to
through the mystic arts we harness
energy and shape reality
we travel great distances in an instant
I get from here to there how did you
become a doctor studying practice
there's a strength to him but is he
ready
the devil which paths you travel
downstream stronger men than you have
but their way
I have death
and pay
you'll die exemple this world
I can't do this there is no other way
I've spent so many years
in through time
looking for you
but what's this
my mantra it's the Wi-Fi password we're
not savages
Oh